Introduction
============
Jimino is an IRC framework written in Python. It is inspired by irclib.py, but aims to be a fully object oriented implementation with representaional objects of servers, users and channels.

License
=======

Jimino is offered as free software: it is offered under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License(WTFPL). If the terms of this license are not suitable, you may choose to to license it under the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of that License, or (at your option) any later version.

When obtained under the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Jimino is distributed with good faith that it will not delete all your data, cause a band of furious weasels to infest your undergarments, or call you naughty names, but without any guarantees whatsoever. The authors of Jimino ask kindly that you submit any improvements back to the parent project, but remind you that you are free to do what the fuck you want to. You should have received a copy of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License along with Jimino. If not, you may obtain it [here](http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/)

When obtained under the GNU General Public License, Jimino is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Jimino. If not, you may obtain it [here](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/)

Configuration
=============
Defaults:

```
# irc.conf
[irc]
debug = 0
timeout = 0
```

```
# servers.conf
[network_name] # required but not important right now, will be used later with channel management
server = irc.example.com
port = 6667
use_ssl = 0
ipv6 = 0
nickname = Jimino
username = #inherits nickname
realname = #inherits nickname
localaddress = #Local bind address, leave blank unless you know what this does
localport = 0 #Local bind port, leave 0 unless you know what this does
```
